today's tutorial is
well for today we are going to learn then
to paint a country- style bee and what
what we are going to do first is with a
kind of oval
a little more or less chubby
so that the bee looks like little
then another circle
so we let dry
we give him the brush
and then with the white we are going to paint a
of the wings
that we painted it full
and then we paint the other
let's dry and apply two layers
I in this case already have a
that had done previously good we
lack
make the antenitas
and once it's dry then we're going to
place these yellow lines just
be very dry already for
when it is already like this we are going to make a
hairline here
we delineate the entire half
well and then just the little streaks that
indicates that it is flying
well I hope you liked it and that
continue to decorate your projects with the
country style